We have been assigned as a team to the lower part of the dig. It's been mostly a thankless trudge. Today is different, the world beneath us has vanished as the ground crumbles away and we are swallowed into blackness. We find ourselves plummeting in darkness. [[Lazzan]] tries to grab on to a ledge and grabs onto a root and slows him down. [[Nimri]] manges to grab her spell book and succeeds in protecting them while [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] tries to grab his bag of holding and protect it but fails leading a rock to go into his arm and scratch him. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] tries to help others as they fall. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] grabs Kaelin Mer (an old miner) and protects him from the fall.

As they fall some items fall out; [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] loses money pouch gets dropped, [[Nimri]] loses spare robe, [[Lazzan]] loses his artisan tools, and [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] loses his caltrops as they spill out. We keep tumbling down. We survived the initial plunge but we have a moment to act. Some use instinct ([[Nimri]] and [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]]) to slow themselves with only [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] succeeds. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] grabs his steel defender to angle it to protect his armor from breaking and succeeds. [[Lazzan]] meditates as he falls. Some items break in the fall. <Hit dice set to 1>

The fall ends and our bodies hit stone, earth, water, the world has titled but then a breath. We are alive. We are all hurt from the fall to varying degrees but [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] is hurt a lot. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] and [[Nimri]] check on their packs and notice someone else' pack nearby. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] refinds his caltrops and [[Nimri]] finds [[Lazzan]]'s artisan tools. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] helped another miner Brother Merin (a member of the silent start, lawful good human priest) and [[Lazzan]] helped [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] making him feel better. We are all disorientated which will impact our combat ability.

Gained advantage on first non-combat roll of the day

We are in a hollow pocked of the deep earth. We can see something else has fallen here before us. Then it happens, a sound no more than a click. Then lots of clicks. Then from a narrow crevas something long and spindally unfolds. A spider the size of a dog looking like it has a translucent almost glass like body. Then another appears.... and another....

Other miners; Tera Willow Gut Halfling miner (teenager),  Lug Rendershell (a half orc who was one of the guards), Mags Underbow (Gnome alchemist), Elowen Vex (Courier for the dig).

Combat starts

[[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] charges the nearest Spider to get in between him and the miners hitting it with his sword for a good amount of damage. [[Lazzan]] charges the spider and kicks it crushing it causing it to go limp. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] and [[Kanetama-no-Kistune Unit]] charge the furthest spider. [[Nimri]] shoots a firebolt at the spider infront of [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] but the glass chitin almost shimmers deflecting it into Seiko lightly hurting him.

The nearby spider biting into [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] dealing a nasty bite dripping with poison despite [[Kanetama-no-Kistune Unit|Kanetama]]'s best efforts but it's follow up attack does not hit. The other remaining spider spits a web at [[Lazzan]] restraining him. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] hits his nearby spider his psychic sword going through the body hurting its organs. [[Lazzan]] hurts himself ripping out of the webbing hurting himself a little. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] swings his sword at the spider but in his disorientated state misses but [[Kanetama-no-Kistune Unit]] charges up his energy and uses force rend (his tail glowing blue) hitting the spider. [[Nimri]] then sends a frostbolt at the spider in from of [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] making it explode.

The final spider flees into the dark.

We all gain 150 xp.

Combat ends

The silence is deeper. The cavern we fell from is a crack of darkness. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] checks on the group asking if people are injured. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] responds he is quite injured from the spider and points out his poisoned wounds. [[Nimri]] looks excited now at her new situation and she asks what the plan is. The dwarf [[Kaelin Mir]] says there is no plan but here looks to be a good place to set up camp. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] suggests to burry the dead. [[Lazzan]] & [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] use their abilities to magically heal their wounds.

We decide to set up camp and patch up people (STARTS AND ENDEAVOR). 

[[Lazzan]] goes to scout the area but fails miserably - he proceeds down through the chasm it goes on for a good 40 / 50 ft but he's being very aware how high it goes (only 15ft high) as he proceeds on as it opens into an open area it's a crystal forest. It's at that point he didn't bring a touch with him and decides to go back. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] fortifies the camp by finding loose rocks and crystals to fortify the front of the cavern becoming a half height wall. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] starts to help set up camp and finds 4 pages of parchments plus 3 broken vials (which are repairable). [[Nimri]] goes to start a camp fire using magic on some of the dead people's body. This all causes the camp to stablise (endeavour ends). We have gained a safe haven. 

We realise we have 4 days worth of rations for everyone. [[Nimri]] suggests eating the spider and the alchemist says we might be able to do it. We managed to keep alive Brother Merin (useful trait: treat minor diseases, recover quicker, minor healing, purify some food and water), Kaelin (useful trait: knows stonework tunnels. Can scout paths, see cave ins, and ores), Mags (alchemist, useful trait: mostly intact alchemist kit, concot potions etc with the right resources), Elewin (Tiefling Courier. Useful trait; maps and mapping kit, she knows knots and rope).

We all take a watch. [[Nimri]] goes first, she feels their eyes in the crystals in the walls looking at us; she doesn't get a good look as they are there and gone quickly but it seems like there are 4 eyes (two sets). About an hour into [[Lazzan]]'s watch he hears some talking in a raspy voice; it sounds like a coarse throaty version of his own voice. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] & [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] wake up. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] **sees** (though he can't see so senses) the fire dim and steady but nothing else happens in his watch. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] spends [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]]'s watch creating a workbench & repairs his gear. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] hears a constant drip during his watch.... drip drip drip drip.... It almost feels like it's skipping a beat. As we all sleep (at different points); we all drift restlessly - We see some pulsing moss and when we try and speak we hear it as the voice of the chittering spiders. We see a throne with a creature made of insects. It sees us and the insects move towards us. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] & [[Nimri]] both get stressed by it.
 
The group wake to [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] playing his Japanese flute which grants [[Nimri]] & [[Lazzan]] inspiration. [[Nimri]] and [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] chat about themselves, magic, and their constructs. [[Lazzan]] ask [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] to fix his medallian which he does. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] rallies the combatants to explore. As we explore we realise, while we have a safe camp, we need to not stay down here too long.

We walk out and quickly come to a fork in the path; the one going right feels more the same (more crystals etc), the one going left there seems to be a noxious gas that hangs in the air - we can see in the distance the crystals turn to fungus and mushrooms. We go to the right avoiding the spores. We travel for about an hour. After that we find a room with a huge cavern which we can't even see to the bottom of. There is a bridge which seems to be made from bone and chitin; it's unclear if this is still stable. It seems like there is water at the bottom but it's too far away to make it out.

ENEADVOR STARTS

[[Nimri]] inspects the bridge and starts trying to fix it with [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] but are having a bad time of it. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] helps organise everyone and gets a huge bolder nearby. [[Lazzan]] tries to help secure weak ties but it doesn't work well. We all suffer disadvantage on our next roll and will need to repair the bridge in the future. Half way across the bridge jolts. We all try and get off but only [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] succeeds without getting hurt and [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] loses an empty pouch off the edge. 

We quickly have to save the bridge, [[Lazzan]] gets some materials, [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] climbs under the bridge and starts to reinforce it from underneath, [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] starts hammering in supports, and [[Nimri]] summons an unseen servant and uses vines to reinforce it. The bridge is now stable for future use. We gain inspiration +250 xp

We travel for another hour forward leading to another fork in the road. The crystal forest is getting denser and the chittering louder. The one going left has louder chittering and to the right it is quieter. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] looks at the crystal trees and feels like he makes some progress to understanding them (1 tick). [[Lazzan]] thinks we should go right and scouts it out which leads to a destroyed area. We head to the chittering (so left). As we continue down we find a cavernous chamber. At the far end we see a large column of shimmering crystal from the floor to the roof in the centre of the room. The column itself seems to be glazed with an amber glass giving the room an orange light.. The floor is slick covered in a crystal web. We see several areas in darkness. We see 2 spiders scratching at the pillar and 2 other spiders secreating orange substance onto the pillar.

[[Nimri]] casts a spell which causes 3 stone rods to hit 3 of the spiders from the pillar. COMBAT STARTS. The worker spiders come forward and dash into melee range of the party. The drones then charge forward on to the range sections and shoot toxic fungle spoors right in the middle which hurts the group (bar [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] and [[Kanetama-no-Kistune Unit]]) and it causes the group to lightly glow. [[Lazzan]] then punches the spider in a flurry of blows making it look wounded hitting it with spectral red fire - it causes it to explode in it's death.

[[Nimri]] fires a firebolt at one of the drone spiders hitting it cleanly and it shows no sign of reflection. The chitin is glass like but it looks constructed in a different way, it has a more fleshy adomen which gets singed. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] and [[Kanetama-no-Kistune Unit]] run forward and take out the remaining worker drone with ease though [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] gets hit by it's explosion. Some strong spiders come out of the ceiling. One hits [[Lazzan]] but he deflects the hit away. The other charges [[Kanetama-no-Kistune Unit]] and it doubles attacks him which breaks him - taking him out of combat.

[[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] hits the big defensive spider in front of him with his sword with a divine smite (imbued with radiant damage) which makes it look very bloodied. The drones run forward from their perches, one to [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] and the other [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]]. The one infront of [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] misses him but [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]]'s hits him hard in a perfect strike almost killing him and poisoning him. [[Lazzan]] punches the spider nearest [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] twice with the second missing.

[[Nimri]] creates a minor illusion in the corner of the room sounding like a voice to try and trick the spiders. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] swings at the one on the wall but misses from the poision. One of the drones swipes at [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] twice which was about to hit but he creates a magic shield deflecting it. The bloodied spider attacks [[Lazzan]] knocking him prone and restrained. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] swings at the bloodied soldier spider splitting it in half killing it freeing [[Lazzan]].

Two spider spit the poison again which most survive bar [[Nimri]]. Another swings at [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] which downs him reducing his hit points to 0. [[Lazzan]] then heals [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] 4 hp bringing him back up. [[Nimri]] casts ray of frost on the spider on the wall hitting it and doing damage. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] get's back up and disengages and runs away. One attacks [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] and hits him twice but he causes it to catch fire in retaliation. He then swings a smite back on it causing it to be in massive pain but survives. 

Spider climbs behind poison downing [[Nimri]]. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] saves [[Nimri]]. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] takes down the last warriors leaving the workers, he also takes down another worker. The last worker flees. [[Lazzan]] throws a dagger at it but misses badly. [[Nimri]] casts ray of frost but it reflects it. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] cases it down and kills it with a crushing blow

Combat ends and we loot the room. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] finds 5 chunks of fungal coral; it seems useful to make tea which would reduce exhaustion when drank. Enough to make 5 potions of recovery. [[Nimri]] finds a mushroom which, she knows, which is a dream spoiling mushroom which cause someone to have dreamless sleep (she finds enough for 4 potions). [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] and [[Lazzan]] find glassy eye clusters, [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] thinks this might work well as a reagent in spell instead of this (they find one chunk each); they both give them to [[Nimri]]. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] cast detect magic and notices the pillar in the room sends a psychic pulse every 10 - 15 minutes. He asks [[Nimri]] for some assistance understanding it; they know the world has laylines, the pulse is likely a pulse of a nearby layline. It is raw magical energy which is super dangerous. We also gain 1800 xp shared = 450xp. [[Nimri]] hit her skull from being downed which will last 10 days. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] is blinded in one eye, causing disadvantage on perception checks and ranged attacks for 7 days (or unless a healing kit is used which reduces it by 1 day.) 

[[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] repairs [[Kanetama-no-Kistune Unit]]. [[Lazzan]] with [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] harvests the reflective chitin perfectly off of one of the spiders. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] harvests 2 crystalline mandibles. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] tries to understand the pillar using his tools to understand if it feels solid or could be broken off but it seems solid and I hear the pulsing. [[Nimri]] and [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] think we are 100s of feet below the surface.

We short rest. [[Nimri]] havests some webbing, [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] inspires the group with some music and creates a lantern and oil for [[Lazzan]]. 

We leave and when we enter the next room all light goes out. We all suffer blindness and deafness. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] gains stress instantly but the others are fine. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] brings the group together, [[Lazzan]] uses a staff to centre himself, [[Nimri]] tries to use messaging to make herself feel better but it doesn't work, [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] guides himself and uses [[Kanetama-no-Kistune Unit]] but also fails. [[Nimri]] and [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] get a bit stressed which they know will cause disadvantage.

We slowly advance in this maze. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] reaches out to [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] to keep turning left when we can. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] ties us together. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] marks the walls with his as he goes from the back.

We exit and it smells of mould. A spark happens and the darkness is pushed back. We see eyes in the darkness and it is trying to consume us again. [[Nimri]] casts colour spray which she blasts through amazingly. [[Lazzan]] uses his lantern and channels his holy fire into it to blast the light. The face in the darkness recoils. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] lights a touch.... and just succeeds. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] holds his pact-weapon aloft and succeeds. At our feet is 1 unlit torch - a bone with some illumated moses which would last for 6 hours; [[Lazzan]] takes it.

We are now in the afternoon after completing the lightless maze. We then head back gathering stuff as we go. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] looks for crystals etc to make equipment. [[Nimri]] looks for more glowing moss. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctia]] tries to breath the spores from the first turn we went to and learns it is poisionous. We gather enough moss for at least 10 torches. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] get's enough crystal using his wrong tools to classify as 1 chunk to do tests on. We notice a strange fruit out of some vines to support the bridge and are growing out of the cieling of the cave which is glowing - we harvest 3 lumen fruit which might be useful to make light potions. We also find a small clump of a different type of moss which is reflective, called mirror moss. We also find a spool of crystal vine. Finally we find a odd looking mushroom near the entrance near the mushroom area which looks light purple; its a ghost cap mushroom which can grant etherial sense for 1d10 minutes on consumption when turned into a potion.

We get back to camp. The npcs have fortified the entrance. The priest is purifying the water. The tiefling made the camp into a proper camp. We do some healing on each other to reduce the count downs. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] reduces his himself by 1 down from 6 to 7 and everyone else helps [[Nimri]] down by 5 so reduced to 5 (10 > 5).


+1 to initiative in our next roll as a bonus for succeeding. We get to ignore disadvantage from darkness in the next node. At our fe

[[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]]'s next crafting roll is at advantage. [[Seiko Enkai|Seiko]] spent 2 hit die. Used 2 of my free creations