We get up from the table and walk over to the sign up counter manned by [[Adan]] (a Dwarf miner acting as book keeper) after a bit of arguing about pacing ourselves in the fight. [[Adan]] get's confused that we only had 4 people instead of 5. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] called him a racist for not counting my familiar [[Ruh-e-Tarikhi|Rutar]]. [[Kojiki Juun|Koji]] and [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] said to ignore me and that we would do only 4. [[Kojiki Juun|Koji]] and [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] also banded [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] from using magic to which he agreed to do so (but secretly he planned to but just not get caught). [[Thavaari]] suggested it be called "[[Thavaari]]'s team". [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] suggested the team name by "The Pyre People" and [[Kojiki Juun|Koji]] agred. Our team name is the [[Pyre]] People which upset [[Thavaari]] and [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] agreed with her.

[[Kojiki Juun|Koji]] asks if he can use his powers and [[Adan]] says yes but to keep to the spirit of the game. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] discouraged [[Kojiki Juun|Koji]] from using any powers and to fight them on their level. [[Thavaari]] feels hesitant to leave her axe on the pile of weapons so goes back to the beer stall and gives it to [[Daryl]] instead. He says he can't take it because he's competing but [[Florist]] (a gangally half orc with ginger hair (probably like beaker) who is sub-bartender) can look after it. She agree and tells him to let know one touch it. She comes back and says it's done, then realise it isn't and goes back then hands over all 3 of her hand axes in comically timed fashion.

[[Adan]] does a grand intro to the tournament. We start against Brute Force who almost won last year which gets a big cheer. Then he introduces us which doesn't get much of a cheer until [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] use some prestidigitation which gets a few cheers from the crowd but grimaces from our opponent. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then tells the other team he promised to not use magic against them which relieves the team but makes the kids go "Aww". [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] gives them a prestidigitation light show which makes them happy. [[Thavaari]] goes to draw her weapon but of course it's not there so she freezes.

The captain of the other team, a strong burley human, runs up and grabs a mace from the barrel. The scout dude (thin human) (Dude B) runs to the flag area. At the tree he starts climbing it and get's half way up the tree. Another Burley Dude (Dude C) runs to a barrel and grabs a nice club, then joins the leader. Another human dude (Dude D) runs to another barrel and pulls a pike out then dashes to get back infront of the barrel.

[[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] instantly dashes for the tree using his great speed. He then jumps AMAZINGLY well and leaps from the bottom of the ground to the top of the tree to grab the flag and then lands gracefully back on the ground.

[[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]], walks over to the barrels casually and finds a great axe for [[Thavaari]] and pulls out a random warpick as well. He then walks casually back to [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] and [[Thavaari]] and asks [[Thavaari]] which she'd rather. She picks the thing that looks like a Great axe and then [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] gives [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] the fake warpick.

[[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] gently drops the warpick then goes over to the barrels and pulls out his pack weapon (using magic) which [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] notices and is offended at the cheating. He then moves in to the general position near the barrels and holds his ground.

[[Thavaari]] starts swinging wildly to hype herself up but she's a bit underwhelmed by this tournament. She wanders over towards towards a central barrel and looks for a throwable hand axe which she finds. She then throws it at Dude C (who was looking at [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]]'s amazing jump) but because it's such a half hearted throw Dude C notices bats it away. She then gets filled with rage because he wasn't even looking and he managed to deflect it. She breaths heavily and then starts glowing green

[[Ruh-e-Tarikhi|Rutar]] then flaps in Dude B's face causing him to be distracted then flies away to scout the crowd for rich / dangerous marks.

Dude E goes to a barrel and fail (a piece of foam on the edge of a stick) then stands still. The captain pulls out another weapon, a trident, which he throws at [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] and misses terribly. Dude B finishes climbing back down the tree and tries to wrestle the flag from [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] twice but fails. Dude B then grabbed a sword in the tree.

[[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] then dashes from his position near the tree straight to the barrel. One of the dudes swings at him as he goes passed which [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] deflects the damage away but the attack pushes him back 10ft (from the weight of the attack). [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] then dashes forward again at full speed which brings him passed another Dude who swings with his great club which hits him. He then disengages and runs to the barrel to plant the flag so we won.

[[Adan]] then announces us as the winner but [[Thavaari]] continues to charge one of the dudes near the barrel and swings with her fake axe. She hits and knocks hard as if she was shoving him. He was caught off guard as he listened to [[Adan]]. [[Adan]] reminds us the match is over and [[Thavaari]] then starts cheering. [[Adan]] says how we, a man down, still won. 

[[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] tells [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] that he remembered that [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] had stamina issues so that he thought it should finish it quickly. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then congratulated [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] and [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] for their amazing cheating (as [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] notices them use their abilities) which confuses them as they both didn't view it as cheating. [[Thavaari]] is just over celebrating in the background.

Between matches [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] meditates and practices his breathing. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] plays some dragon chess against an old man and it's a very good match but he wins. [[Thavaari]] goes back to the beer stall to check in on her weapons. [[Florist]] says the haven't moved and even told people they couldn't have anything that meant he couldn't keep any eye on them. She then get's a beer and walks around the stalls. Most of the stalls at the festival are food stalls but some are things like dream catchers and other tat. [[Thavaari]] purchase a red shawl (probably overpriced) which she wraps around her arm.

The next match starts which is the The Village Idiots (the [[Ewald|mayor]]  and his staff) versus the Gold Diggers (who are clearly miners - 2 of which are Dwarves). The Gold Diggers pick up the barrel and move around. The [[Ewald|mayor]]  wins it for his teams 

[[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] says smoosh the [[Ewald|mayor]]  to try and get him to sell 50% of town to me for 100g. He seems hesitant but then [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] casts Suggestion and say "You think you are really drunk. Sell me 50% of your properties for 100g and believe it's a good deal. Plus gift me your wallet." which passes. He gives me his wallet and then goes running to get the seal so he can sign the contract.

[[Adan]] is confused as why the [[Ewald|mayor]]  ran off. But was allowed to delay the match. Everyone discusses. But they hold him back from signing him. We get in a huge debate where the villagers about the value. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] tries to argue against it. But I settle them down. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] says we should just fight. [[Thavaari]] then comes barreling in to kick off the fight.  

Some conversation happens but [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] dispels the magic. The [[Ewald|mayor]]  then cuts the contract in half with a sword. Then [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] helps [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] play it off as Ewald being too drunk as to why he wanted to sign the deal. We then go to fight. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] warns [[Thavaari]] that her new shawl might get ripped so she hands it off to the beer stall. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] give the wallet back to him to play.

We then set up on the field against "The Village Idiots". [[Adan]] says, "In our final round there isn't just 1 flag but there are 5". Only the one with the red tip is the point scoring flag (which is hidden in the ground). Each one has a different colour for the flag itself but that doesn't matter.

The [[Ewald|mayor]]  sets off first and dashes over the the dark green flag. [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] then sprints to the flags with ease and pulls the dark green flag. He then preps to dodge. One of the random farmers (Farmer A) runs to a barrel near the flags and pulls out a club with a heavy weight at the end.

[[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] walks over and pulls out a club and walk over to the flags. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then twinspell casts flee which comes out as a powerful shout of "Flee" on the [[Ewald|mayor]]  and Farmer A which succeeds. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then says they don't have to be that scared (trying to play off the magic). Farmer B runs to a barrel shouting "Don't run away" to the [[Ewald|mayor]]  and farmer A, pulls a quarterstaff and throws it at [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] which misses. [[Ruh-e-Tarikhi|Rutar]] does nothing but observes.

[[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] runs to a barrel and pulls out his pact sword again then dashes over to Farmer B. Farmer C dashes for the dark green flag having a pulled a big halberd esq weapon. [[Thavaari]] feels really furstrated and runs to the barrel nearest the flags and pulls out a javlin (hoping for an axe). She yells in frustration and then chucks it Farmer B. It hits with amazing speed! The crowd goes woo! She then continues her movement to move near the pink flag.

Farmer D draws from a barrel and chucks it at [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] and throws an axe which hits! [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] yells an "Ow".

The [[Ewald|mayor]]  and Farmer A dash away from [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] at amazing speed. The [[Ewald|mayor]]  even says "Run!". [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] punches the man infront of him - farmer B, non-lethally, which is not that impressive punch to the gut so the man stands strong. [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] follows up with a second harder uppercut kick which hurts him badly (knocking him into the air a little) and then a 3rd very hard spin kick which then knocks him out and sending him spinning away 5ft. 

[[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] walks over to the cherry flag and tries to pull it out but fails. [[Daryl]] (Farmer C) runs passed [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] (shouting "Don't run") who takes a swing at him which misses just. He then pulls out the Dark Green (actually blue blag) which is not the right flag which takes 2 goes. He runs to the light green flag, passed [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]], which causes [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] to swing at him.

[[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] swings at [[Daryl]] which hits hard (knocking him prone) and causes him to be disadvantaged on his next attack. [[Thavaari]] then pulls out the purple flag which also was not the correct flag and then positions herself by the pink flag.

 Farmer D then chucks the hand axe at [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] and misses (hitting the tree trunk). He pulls out another weapon (a hammer) and wades into the fray by [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]]. The [[Ewald|mayor]]  dashes back to near where he was. [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] then tries to punch Farmer D but misses. He then follows up with a bonus punch which pushes him 5ft away. He then moves to be near the [[Ewald|mayor]] .
 
 Farmer A then dashes to the metal green flag. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then Shouts "Flee" command on [[Daryl]] and Farmer A. [[Daryl]] seems to want to run but Farmer A doesn't. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then moves by Farmer A.
 
[[Daryl]] then starts dashing away which causes [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] and [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] to swing in opportunity - [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] hits and [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] doesn't. Owl Familiar flies in the [[Ewald|mayor]] s face which causes a distraction (giving advantage on the next attack against him). [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] walks over to the [[Ewald|mayor]]  and hits him with his pact sword very hard but the [[Ewald|mayor]]  uses his shield to hold on.

[[Thavaari]] positions herself between the cherry and metal green flag and pulls out the cherry flag. She now has two flag poles. She yells in frustration to maintain her rage (but slight glee at having two flags). Farmer D throws his hammer at [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] which hits but [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] then grabs it out of the air using his deflection skills so he takes no damage. [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] then throws his own hammer back at him which Farmer D fails to dodge. The hammer clocks Farmer D in the chest hard and he looks really hurt but still standing.

The [[Ewald|mayor]]  then raises his shield and charges at [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] whom deflects his attack. [[Ewald|mayor]]  then swings his hammer at [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] which hits hard. [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] then runs over to the [[Ewald|mayor]]  and punches him which pushes him 5ft away. [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] then runs fast to farmer D and punches twice, the first misses but the second (a flying summersult kick) lands perfectly which knocks Farmer D.

The crowd is GOING WILD. Some of the crowd seem to be more into the punching than the flag side. Farmer A tries pull out the green metal flags and fails miserably. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then turns to the crowd and says "Are you not entertained?" bolstering the crowd. Then says "Drinks on the [[Ewald|mayor]] " which loses them a bit. [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then swings his makeshift club stick on Farmer A using a true strike which hits though doesn't look like it hits hard.

[[Daryl]] then came running back and hit [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] who hits but [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] then deflects it comfortably. [[Thavaari]] then pulls out a 3rd flag spear which is also not the right one. [[Thavaari]] then roars again with rage at how it's not the right one but again is happy having 3 flags. She then positions by the final flag.

The [[Ewald|mayor]]  tries to pull the flag out and fails again. [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] punches the [[Ewald|mayor]]  and misses but with his follow up attack hits just but hard and pushes him 5ft away. Farmer A then tries to run to final flag, [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] swings and hits him but it isn't a hard hit, he pulls the flag out and it (of course) is the right flag. Farmer A then runs as fast as he can towards our barrel which takes him passed [[Thavaari]] who swings (with her opportunity attack) at him and hits (which hurts him badly).

[[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then sprints up to Farmer A, positioning himself between him and the barrel. Using his True Strike swings but misses. [[Daryl]] then draws a warpick from a barrel then dashes up to [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]]. [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] then run up to Farmer A and swings his pact weapon just hitting which hits very hard knocking him out and to the ground. The flag drops from Farmer A's hands. [[Thavaari]] then dashes to dropped flag, picks it up then dashes the other way to our barrel. She roars with rage maintaining it.

[[Ewald|mayor]]  runs to the tree to pull a weapon with [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] taking a swing which misses. The weapon the [[Ewald|mayor]]  draws is a big heavy club which he throws at [[Thavaari]] which misses. Finally he sprints towards [[Thavaari]] hoping to catch her. [[Kojiki Juun|Kojiki]] sprints after the [[Ewald|mayor]]  hitting him perfectly and hit him hard though his second attack missed.

[[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] then shouts to the crowd "WOOH! ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?! ISN'T [[Thavaari]]'S TEAM. DRINKS ON TEAM PYRE". Then [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] swings and misses at [[Daryl]]. [[Daryl]] sprints away but [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] & [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] swings in opportunity both hitting but [[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] had already taken him out in a lightning fast fashion before [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]]' weaker blow even landed but [[Xerxes Azhdaha|Xerxes]] took the credit.

[[Noctus Minstryxson|Noctus]] ran at the [[Ewald|mayor]]  swinging his sword and hitting hard but the [[Ewald|mayor]]  stood. Finally, [[Thavaari]] sprints to the barrel and wins the game with a huge amount of energy. The crowd cheers. Since [[Pyre]] was in our name the reputation of our town grew.

